README.md, before:

![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/HsoiEnterprises/HEAlert.svg)
![Cocoapods Compatible](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/HEAlert.svg)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-BSD%203--Clause-blue.svg)
![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-iOS-lightgrey.svg)


# HEAlert
A convenience around `UIAlertController`, because sometimes you just want to say "OK".


# Background and Approach

`UIAlertController` is awesome, but sometimes it's too much. How many times do you want to simply alert with a message and an "OK" button? Somewhat easy with `UIAlertView`, certainly cumbersome with `UIAlertController`, but simple with `HEAlert`.

That's why I created `HEAlert`.

Go from:

```swift
  let alertView = UIAlertView(title: "Hello World", message: nil, delegate: nil, cancelButtonTitle: "OK")
  alertView.show()
```

or:

```swift
let alertController = UIAlertController(title: "Hello World", message: nil, preferredStyle: .Alert)
let action = UIAlertAction(title: "OK", style: .Default, handler: nil)
alertController.addAction(action)
self.presentViewController(alertController, animated: true, completion: nil)
```

**to:**

```swift
HEAlert.ok("Hello World")
```

or:

```swift
HEAlert.ok("Hello World", presentingViewController: self)
```

# Supported OS and SDK

- Xcode 7
- Swift 2.0
- iOS 8 (minimum, required)

With v0.5, `HEAlert` has moved to Swift 2 and Xcode 7. If you still need Xcode 6.x (Swift 1.2) support, you can use older versions of `HEAlert` such as v0.4.2.


# Installation

Currently supports being installed by simple source code addition, by git submodule, or by Cocoapods (preferred).


## Submodule

You can easily obtain git as a submodule, and simply add `HEAlert.swift` to your project. Off you go!

## Cocoapods

[CocoaPods][CocoaPods] is a dependency manager for Cocoa projects.

CocoaPods 0.36 adds supports for Swift and embedded frameworks. You can install it with the following command:

```bash
$ gem install cocoapods
```

To integrate HEAlert into your Xcode project using CocoaPods, specify it in your `Podfile`:

```ruby
source 'https://github.com/CocoaPods/Specs.git'
platform :ios, '8.0'
use_frameworks!

pod 'HEAlert'
```

Then, run the following command:

```bash
$ pod install
```


# Usage

Usage is fairly straightforward, and the code is fully documented. There's also an example application that demonstrates a simple usage of the class.

## Simple OK alert

```swift
HEAlert.ok("Hello World")
```

or:

```swift
HEAlert.ok("Hello World", presentingViewController: self)
```

## OK with Message

```swift
HEAlert.ok("Hello World", message: "This is my first HEAlert", presentingViewController: self)
```

## More Complicated

You can customize a fair portion of the `HEAlert` behaviors:

```swift
HEAlert.other("Do you like waffles?", message: "This is an important question", buttonTitle: "Yes", cancelTitle: "No", presentingViewController: self, cancelHandler: { (_) -> Void in
    println("Must like pancakes instead")
}) { (_) -> Void in
    println("Get the syrup!")
}
```

## NSError

Easy display of an `NSError`:

```swift
HEAlert.error(anNSError, presentingViewController: self, buttonHandler: nil)
```

# Contact

## Hsoi Enterprises
- [Website][hsoienterprises-website]
- [Facebook][hsoienterprises-facebook]
- [Twitter (@HsoiEnterprises)][hsoienterprises-twitter]

## Creator
- John C. Daub [(@hsoi)][hsoi-twitter]


# Changes / Release Notes

See included `CHANGELOG.md` file.


# License

BSD 3-clause “New” or “Revised” License. See included "License" file.


[hsoienterprises-website]: http://www.hsoienterprises.com
[hsoienterprises-facebook]: https://www.facebook.com/HsoiEnterprises
[hsoienterprises-twitter]: http://twitter.com/hsoienterprises
[hsoi-twitter]: http://twitter.com/hsoi
[cocoapods]: http://cocoapods.org

Commit message:

Correct the spelling of CocoaPods in README

README.md, after:

![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/HsoiEnterprises/HEAlert.svg)
![CocoaPods Compatible](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/HEAlert.svg)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-BSD%203--Clause-blue.svg)
![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-iOS-lightgrey.svg)


# HEAlert
A convenience around `UIAlertController`, because sometimes you just want to say "OK".


# Background and Approach

`UIAlertController` is awesome, but sometimes it's too much. How many times do you want to simply alert with a message and an "OK" button? Somewhat easy with `UIAlertView`, certainly cumbersome with `UIAlertController`, but simple with `HEAlert`.

That's why I created `HEAlert`.

Go from:

```swift
  let alertView = UIAlertView(title: "Hello World", message: nil, delegate: nil, cancelButtonTitle: "OK")
  alertView.show()
```

or:

```swift
let alertController = UIAlertController(title: "Hello World", message: nil, preferredStyle: .Alert)
let action = UIAlertAction(title: "OK", style: .Default, handler: nil)
alertController.addAction(action)
self.presentViewController(alertController, animated: true, completion: nil)
```

**to:**

```swift
HEAlert.ok("Hello World")
```

or:

```swift
HEAlert.ok("Hello World", presentingViewController: self)
```

# Supported OS and SDK

- Xcode 7
- Swift 2.0
- iOS 8 (minimum, required)

With v0.5, `HEAlert` has moved to Swift 2 and Xcode 7. If you still need Xcode 6.x (Swift 1.2) support, you can use older versions of `HEAlert` such as v0.4.2.


# Installation

Currently supports being installed by simple source code addition, by git submodule, or by CocoaPods (preferred).


## Submodule

You can easily obtain git as a submodule, and simply add `HEAlert.swift` to your project. Off you go!

## CocoaPods

[CocoaPods][CocoaPods] is a dependency manager for Cocoa projects.

CocoaPods 0.36 adds supports for Swift and embedded frameworks. You can install it with the following command:

```bash
$ gem install cocoapods
```

To integrate HEAlert into your Xcode project using CocoaPods, specify it in your `Podfile`:

```ruby
source 'https://github.com/CocoaPods/Specs.git'
platform :ios, '8.0'
use_frameworks!

pod 'HEAlert'
```

Then, run the following command:

```bash
$ pod install
```


# Usage

Usage is fairly straightforward, and the code is fully documented. There's also an example application that demonstrates a simple usage of the class.

## Simple OK alert

```swift
HEAlert.ok("Hello World")
```

or:

```swift
HEAlert.ok("Hello World", presentingViewController: self)
```

## OK with Message

```swift
HEAlert.ok("Hello World", message: "This is my first HEAlert", presentingViewController: self)
```

## More Complicated

You can customize a fair portion of the `HEAlert` behaviors:

```swift
HEAlert.other("Do you like waffles?", message: "This is an important question", buttonTitle: "Yes", cancelTitle: "No", presentingViewController: self, cancelHandler: { (_) -> Void in
    println("Must like pancakes instead")
}) { (_) -> Void in
    println("Get the syrup!")
}
```

## NSError

Easy display of an `NSError`:

```swift
HEAlert.error(anNSError, presentingViewController: self, buttonHandler: nil)
```

# Contact

## Hsoi Enterprises
- [Website][hsoienterprises-website]
- [Facebook][hsoienterprises-facebook]
- [Twitter (@HsoiEnterprises)][hsoienterprises-twitter]

## Creator
- John C. Daub [(@hsoi)][hsoi-twitter]


# Changes / Release Notes

See included `CHANGELOG.md` file.


# License

BSD 3-clause “New” or “Revised” License. See included "License" file.


[hsoienterprises-website]: http://www.hsoienterprises.com
[hsoienterprises-facebook]: https://www.facebook.com/HsoiEnterprises
[hsoienterprises-twitter]: http://twitter.com/hsoienterprises
[hsoi-twitter]: http://twitter.com/hsoi
[cocoapods]: http://cocoapods.org
